README.md, before:

# dotfiles (alpha)

![Screenshot](https://github.com/jlopezcur/dotfiles/raw/master/screenshot.png)

## Install from a clean Debian 10 (Buster)

```shell
sudo apt install git
git clone git@github.com:jlopezcur/dotfiles.git
cd dotfiles
./install.sh
```

## Packages Info

### [Nerd Fonts](https://www.nerdfonts.com/)

![Nerd Fonts](https://www.nerdfonts.com/assets/img/sankey-glyphs-combined-diagram.png)

### [Paper Icons](https://snwh.org/paper)

![Paper Icons](https://news-cdn.softpedia.com/images/news2/gorgeous-paper-theme-and-icon-pack-available-for-ubuntu-elementary-and-fedora-496591-4.jpg)

### Terminal

- [fish](https://fishshell.com/): shell
- [omf](https://github.com/oh-my-fish/oh-my-fish): oh-my-fish
- [rxvt-unicode](http://software.schmorp.de/pkg/rxvt-unicode.html): terminal
- [silver searcher](https://github.com/ggreer/the_silver_searcher): grep
  substitution

### Desktop

- [i3](https://i3wm.org/)
- [rofi](https://github.com/davatorium/rofi): dmenu alternative

### Image

- [feh](https://feh.finalrewind.org/): image viewer
- [gimp](https://www.gimp.org/): image editor
- [inkscape](https://inkscape.org/): vector editor
- [gpick](http://www.gpick.org/): color picker

### Docs

- [xpdf](https://www.xpdfreader.com/): pdf viewer

### NeoVim

Using [Plug](https://github.com/junegunn/vim-plug) system.

#### Plugins

- [coc](https://github.com/neoclide/coc.nvim)
  - [coc-tsserver](https://github.com/neoclide/coc-tsserver)
  - [coc-tslint-plugin](https://github.com/neoclide/coc-tslint-plugin)
  - [coc-prettier](https://github.com/neoclide/coc-prettier)
  - [coc-json](https://github.com/neoclide/coc-json)
  - [coc-html](https://github.com/neoclide/coc-html)
  - [coc-css](https://github.com/neoclide/coc-css)
  - [coc-emmet](https://github.com/neoclide/coc-emmet)
  - [coc-yank](https://github.com/neoclide/coc-yank)
- [vim-polyglot](https://github.com/sheerun/vim-polyglot)
- [nerdtree](https://github.com/scrooloose/nerdtree)
- [nerdtree-git-plugin](https://github.com/xuyuanp/nerdtree-git-plugin)
- [vim-vinegar](https://github.com/tpope/vim-vinegar)
- [yats.vim](https://github.com/herringtondarkholme/yats.vim)
- [fzf](https://github.com/junegunn/fzf)
- [nerdcommenter](https://github.com/ddollar/nerdcommenter)
- [further-vim](https://vimawesome.com/plugin/further-vim)
- [indentline](https://github.com/yggdroot/indentline)
- [vim-signature](https://github.com/kshenoy/vim-signature)
- [markdown preview](https://github.com/iamcco/markdown-preview.nvim)
- [vim-test](https://github.com/janko/vim-test)
- [vim-fugitive](https://github.com/tpope/vim-fugitive)
- [vim-airline](https://github.com/vim-airline/vim-airline)
- [vim-airline-themes](https://github.com/vim-airline/vim-airline-themes)
- [vim-gitgutter](https://github.com/airblade/vim-gitgutter)
- [gitv](https://github.com/gregsexton/gitv)
- [vim-devicons](https://github.com/ryanoasis/vim-devicons)
- [gruvbox](https://github.com/morhetz/gruvbox)
- [vim-surround](https://github.com/tpope/vim-surround)
- [gundo](https://github.com/sjl/gundo.vim)

### Optimizations

- [liquorix](https://liquorix.net/): optimized kernel

## References

- https://medium.com/hacker-toolbelt/i3wm-on-debian-10-buster-c302420853b1
- https://www.vimfromscratch.com/articles/vim-for-javascript-and-react-in-2019/
- https://gist.github.com/benawad/b768f5a5bbd92c8baabd363b7e79786f
- https://thoughtbot.com/blog/faster-grepping-in-vim
- https://spacevim.org/
- https://stackoverflow.com/questions/2362914/fold-function-in-vim
- https://github.com/gerardbm/dotfiles
- https://github.com/addy-dclxvi/i3-starterpack
- https://github.com/AaronFoley/dotfiles
- https://github.com/a-schaefers/i3-wm-gruvbox-theme

Commit message:

Added notes for use lighthouse on brave-browser

README.md, after:

# dotfiles (alpha)

![Screenshot](https://github.com/jlopezcur/dotfiles/raw/master/screenshot.png)

## Install from a clean Debian 10 (Buster)

```shell
sudo apt install git
git clone git@github.com:jlopezcur/dotfiles.git
cd dotfiles
./install.sh
```

## Packages Info

### [Nerd Fonts](https://www.nerdfonts.com/)

![Nerd Fonts](https://www.nerdfonts.com/assets/img/sankey-glyphs-combined-diagram.png)

### [Paper Icons](https://snwh.org/paper)

![Paper Icons](https://news-cdn.softpedia.com/images/news2/gorgeous-paper-theme-and-icon-pack-available-for-ubuntu-elementary-and-fedora-496591-4.jpg)

### Terminal

- [fish](https://fishshell.com/): shell
- [omf](https://github.com/oh-my-fish/oh-my-fish): oh-my-fish
- [rxvt-unicode](http://software.schmorp.de/pkg/rxvt-unicode.html): terminal
- [silver searcher](https://github.com/ggreer/the_silver_searcher): grep
  substitution

### Desktop

- [i3](https://i3wm.org/)
- [rofi](https://github.com/davatorium/rofi): dmenu alternative

### Browser

- [Brave Browser](https://brave.com/)

**Notes:** For enabled the **lighthouse** we have to enabled the
_Remote debugging_ on [brave://settings/privacy](brave://settings/privacy)

### Image

- [feh](https://feh.finalrewind.org/): image viewer
- [gimp](https://www.gimp.org/): image editor
- [inkscape](https://inkscape.org/): vector editor
- [gpick](http://www.gpick.org/): color picker

### Docs

- [xpdf](https://www.xpdfreader.com/): pdf viewer

### NeoVim

Using [Plug](https://github.com/junegunn/vim-plug) system.

#### Plugins

- [coc](https://github.com/neoclide/coc.nvim)
  - [coc-tsserver](https://github.com/neoclide/coc-tsserver)
  - [coc-tslint-plugin](https://github.com/neoclide/coc-tslint-plugin)
  - [coc-prettier](https://github.com/neoclide/coc-prettier)
  - [coc-json](https://github.com/neoclide/coc-json)
  - [coc-html](https://github.com/neoclide/coc-html)
  - [coc-css](https://github.com/neoclide/coc-css)
  - [coc-emmet](https://github.com/neoclide/coc-emmet)
  - [coc-yank](https://github.com/neoclide/coc-yank)
- [vim-polyglot](https://github.com/sheerun/vim-polyglot)
- [nerdtree](https://github.com/scrooloose/nerdtree)
- [nerdtree-git-plugin](https://github.com/xuyuanp/nerdtree-git-plugin)
- [vim-vinegar](https://github.com/tpope/vim-vinegar)
- [yats.vim](https://github.com/herringtondarkholme/yats.vim)
- [fzf](https://github.com/junegunn/fzf)
- [nerdcommenter](https://github.com/ddollar/nerdcommenter)
- [further-vim](https://vimawesome.com/plugin/further-vim)
- [indentline](https://github.com/yggdroot/indentline)
- [vim-signature](https://github.com/kshenoy/vim-signature)
- [markdown preview](https://github.com/iamcco/markdown-preview.nvim)
- [vim-test](https://github.com/janko/vim-test)
- [vim-fugitive](https://github.com/tpope/vim-fugitive)
- [vim-airline](https://github.com/vim-airline/vim-airline)
- [vim-airline-themes](https://github.com/vim-airline/vim-airline-themes)
- [vim-gitgutter](https://github.com/airblade/vim-gitgutter)
- [gitv](https://github.com/gregsexton/gitv)
- [vim-devicons](https://github.com/ryanoasis/vim-devicons)
- [gruvbox](https://github.com/morhetz/gruvbox)
- [vim-surround](https://github.com/tpope/vim-surround)
- [gundo](https://github.com/sjl/gundo.vim)

### Optimizations

- [liquorix](https://liquorix.net/): optimized kernel

## References

- https://medium.com/hacker-toolbelt/i3wm-on-debian-10-buster-c302420853b1
- https://www.vimfromscratch.com/articles/vim-for-javascript-and-react-in-2019/
- https://gist.github.com/benawad/b768f5a5bbd92c8baabd363b7e79786f
- https://thoughtbot.com/blog/faster-grepping-in-vim
- https://spacevim.org/
- https://stackoverflow.com/questions/2362914/fold-function-in-vim
- https://github.com/gerardbm/dotfiles
- https://github.com/addy-dclxvi/i3-starterpack
- https://github.com/AaronFoley/dotfiles
- https://github.com/a-schaefers/i3-wm-gruvbox-theme
